Q: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it? 
A: git creates a hidden folder in the project directory which contains the project history data. This is required so that git has a location to save the required version control data and to that git can track that the project is using git version control.
 
Q: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers? 
A: The staging area is an intermediate space between the working directory and the repository. Once the user is ready to add files to the repository they are first added to the staging area (git add) and then the staging area is committed. The user does not have to stage all files, rather only those that they wish to include in the current commit. This is useful as it provides complete control over what is committed.
 
Q: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change? 
A: By only adding the files related to a single logical change to the staging area prior to each commit. Even if multiple logical changes have been made over multiple files, each file (or files related to each logical change) can be stages and committed individually.
 
Q: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help? 
A: If I am working on experimental features I can safely work on it in a new branch, if I am collaborating we can each have our own branch, if I am bug fixing I can do it in a new branch until I am convinced the bug has been fixed, etc.

Q: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure? 
A: Because you can determine at what point in the commit history the branch branched off. This can help determine which code/features are in each branch.

 
Q: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do? 
A: Merging two branches together merges all the commits of both branches into a single branch. We show this as another node on the tree as it represents a commit to the repository.
 
Q: What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually? 
A: The pros of automatic merging is that it takes no user input and is fast to do. The con of automatic merging is that it can only be performed if no conflicts exist. The pros of manual merging is it lets the user decide what code is kept in the final merge allowing full control over the merge. The con of manual merging is it is time consuming.



Commands:
git add  					|    Add a file to the staging area
git commit  					|    Commit the files from the staging area to the repository 
git status  					|    Show which files are in the staging area, and which files from the working directory are not part of the repository    
git diff  					|    Git diff without arguments is comparing the working directory with the staging area
git diff --staged  				|    Compare the staging area with the repository
git reset --hard  				|    Undo all changes! There is no rollback for this, so be carefull!
git checkout master  				|    Restore the "Head" to the latest check-in (this will be part of a later lesson/module)
git log --graph --oneline <branch1> <branch2>  	|    Show a visual representation of the commit history within different branches
git checkout -b new_branch_name  		|    Creates a new branch and do a checkout on this branch in one call instead of git branch new_branch_name and git checkout new_branch_name
git merge branch1 branch2  			|    Merge two branches, branch2 get merged into branch1
git branch -d name  				|    Remove the branch with the specified name
git show commitId  				|    Show the changes made in this commit compared to the previous version. This is working even after merging.
